exercises/security/setup-an-identity-provider.md, before:

# Exercise: Setup an Identity Provider

## Overview

| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Goal | Setup Auth0 in your project use authorization to correctly add public, private, and admin zones |
| Duration | 6-8 hours |


## Steps

Use the following steps to help you progress through the exercise (use your best judgment, these are not precise steps):

1. Integrate Auth0 with your application
2. Allow users to create an account and sign in to your application
3. Setup two roles, "member" and "admin"
4. Create zones in your application that respond to a user's role (anonymous, member, admin)
5. Share your results with your mentor!

## Questions

Use these questions to guide your curiosity during the exercise:

- What does authorization mean?
- What does authentication mean?
- How do you declare a role for a user?

## Reflection

Use the following questions to reflect on what you learned with this exercise and discuss with your mentor:

- What conclusion can you share with your mentor?
- What surprised you about this exercise?
- What would be your next step? What resources can support you in this next step?
- When you connect with your mentor after this next step, what do you hope to share with them? To celebrate? 

## Need help?

- [Join our Discord to ask questions](https://discord.gg/bDVYvG3Czd)

Commit message:

Add umbrella project badge and term to exercises

exercises/security/setup-an-identity-provider.md, after:

<a href="../../overview/README.md"><img src="../umbrella.svg" alt="Umbrella project"></a>

# Exercise: Setup an Identity Provider

## Overview

| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Goal | Setup Auth0 in your project use authorization to correctly add public, private, and admin zones |
| Duration | 6-8 hours |


## Steps

Use the following steps to help you progress through the exercise (use your best judgment, these are not precise steps):

1. Integrate Auth0 with your umbrella project
2. Allow users to create an account and sign in to your umbrella project
3. Setup two roles, "member" and "admin"
4. Create zones in your umbrella project that respond to a user's role (anonymous, member, admin)
5. Share your results with your mentor!

## Questions

Use these questions to guide your curiosity during the exercise:

- What does authorization mean?
- What does authentication mean?
- How do you declare a role for a user?

## Reflection

Use the following questions to reflect on what you learned with this exercise and discuss with your mentor:

- What conclusion can you share with your mentor?
- What surprised you about this exercise?
- What would be your next step? What resources can support you in this next step?
- When you connect with your mentor after this next step, what do you hope to share with them? To celebrate? 

## Need help?

- [Join our Discord to ask questions](https://discord.gg/bDVYvG3Czd)
