exercises/automated-testing/flaky-test-refactor.md, before:

# Exercise: Flaky Test Refactor

## Overview

| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Goal | Clone the `exercise-flaky-tests` repo and fix the flaky tests |
| Duration | 1-2 hours |


## Steps

Use the following steps to help you progress through the exercise (use your own judgement, these are not precise steps):

1. ...

## Questions

Use these questions to guide your curiosity during the exercise:

- ...

## Reflection

Use the following questions to reflect on what you learned with this exercise and discuss with your mentor:

SELECT_AS_MANY_AS_YOU_WANT_BELOW_AND_DELETE_THIS

- What conclusion can you share with your mentor?
- What surprised you about this exercise?
- How would you say this exercise stretched you? 
- What did this exercise show you about yourself?
- If you were to mentor someone in the future, what highlights would you make sure they captured from this exercise? 
- How did this exercise build upon the learning outcomes from this topic? What would you change about the exercise to better suit your context for the next apprentice?
- What did this leave you excited to dig further into? 
- Where do you want to go from here?
- What would be your next step? What resources can support you in this next step?
- When you connect with your mentor after this next step, what do you hope to share with them? To celebrate? 

## Need help?

- [Join our Discord to ask questions](https://discord.gg/bDVYvG3Czd)

Commit message:

Update Flaky Test Refactor exercise

exercises/automated-testing/flaky-test-refactor.md, after:

# Exercise: Flaky Test Refactor

## Overview

| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Goal | Clone the `exercise-flaky-tests` repo and fix the flaky tests |
| Duration | 1-2 hours |


## Steps

Use the following steps to help you progress through the exercise (use your own judgement, these are not precise steps):

1. Clone the [`engineerkit/exercise-flaky-tests`](https://github.com/exercise-flaky-tests) repo
2. Run the CI/CD pipelines to figure out what the flaky tests might be
3. Fix the flaky tests
4. Review with your mentor!

## Questions

Use these questions to guide your curiosity during the exercise:

- What flaky tests did you encounter?
- What methods might you use to resolve the flaky tests?
- How might you prevent flaky tests from being introduced into a test suite?

## Reflection

Use the following questions to reflect on what you learned with this exercise and discuss with your mentor:

- What conclusion can you share with your mentor?
- What surprised you about this exercise?
- Where do you want to go from here?
- When you connect with your mentor after this next step, what do you hope to share with them? To celebrate? 

## Need help?

- [Join our Discord to ask questions](https://discord.gg/bDVYvG3Czd)
