overview/README.md, before:

# Overview

With this guide, you’ll learn about EngineerKit, how it fits in the talent pipeline, and its scope, mechanics, and structure.

## Learning Map

The learning map is a visual overview of the modules and topics that are included in EngineerKit. [You can explore the EngineerKit learning map here](https://www.figma.com/file/fKdt0u4FidrjhQRjpXGeFQ/EngineerKit-Map?node-id=585%3A21).

## Difficulty Rating

To help an apprentice and mentor know what to expect when tackling a module, we assign a difficulty level for each module using the standard trail rating system used for outdoor activities. 

| Difficulty | Time to Complete | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ![Easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%97%8F%20Easy-brightgreen?style=flat-square) | Less than a week | An “Easy” rating represents a brief overview of each topic in the module with some light skill-building |
| ![Moderate](https://img.shields.io/badge/■%20Moderate-blue?style=flat-square) | Less than two weeks | A “Moderate” rating represents a thorough overview of each topic in the module with some skill-building |
| ![Hard](https://img.shields.io/badge/◆%20Hard-grey?style=flat-square) | Less than a month | A “Hard” rating represents an in-depth exploration of each topic in the module with heavy skill-building |

## Need help?

- [Join our Discord to ask questions](https://discord.gg/bDVYvG3Czd)

Commit message:

Update exercises and capstone project

overview/README.md, after:

# Overview

With this guide, you’ll learn about EngineerKit, how it fits in the talent pipeline, and its scope, mechanics, and structure.

## Learning Map

The learning map is a visual overview of the modules and topics that are included in EngineerKit. [You can explore the EngineerKit learning map here](https://www.figma.com/file/fKdt0u4FidrjhQRjpXGeFQ/EngineerKit-Map?node-id=585%3A21).

## Difficulty Rating

To help an apprentice and mentor know what to expect when tackling a module, we assign a difficulty level for each module using the standard trail rating system used for outdoor activities. 

| Difficulty | Time to Complete | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ![Easy](https://img.shields.io/badge/%E2%97%8F%20Easy-brightgreen?style=flat-square) | Less than a week | An “Easy” rating represents a brief overview of each topic in the module with some light skill-building |
| ![Moderate](https://img.shields.io/badge/■%20Moderate-blue?style=flat-square) | Less than two weeks | A “Moderate” rating represents a thorough overview of each topic in the module with some skill-building |
| ![Hard](https://img.shields.io/badge/◆%20Hard-grey?style=flat-square) | Less than a month | A “Hard” rating represents an in-depth exploration of each topic in the module with heavy skill-building |

## Capstone Project

A capstone project is used to bind together many of the exercises found in each module. It is an over-arching project that you will be working on for the duration of your apprenticeship, helping you to build your skills and ship a product to prodction.

## Need help?

- [Join our Discord to ask questions](https://discord.gg/bDVYvG3Czd)
